feat(cli): Add iOS generic destination, and output option (#43529)
expo/expo: docs/pages/more/expo-cli.mdx

##### Build-only workflow

You can build an iOS Simulator app without targeting a specific device by using the `generic` device option:

<Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo run:ios --device generic']} />

This uses a generic Xcode destination (`generic/platform=iOS Simulator`) instead of a specific simulator UDID, which is useful for:

- **CI/CD pipelines**: Build simulator apps without needing simulators configured on the build machine.
- **Distributing simulator builds**: Create **.app** bundles that can be shared and run on any compatible simulator.
- **Build-only workflows**: When you only need the compiled binary without installing or launching.

After the build completes, the CLI outputs the path to the built **.app** bundle:

```sh
✓ Build complete
Binary: ~/Library/Developer/Xcode/DerivedData/.../Release-iphonesimulator/MyApp.app
```

You can combine this with `--configuration Release` to create a production simulator build, and use `--output` to copy the binary to a specific directory:

<Terminal cmd={['$ npx expo run:ios --configuration Release --device generic --output ./build']} />

> This will copy the built **.app** bundle to `./build/MyApp.app`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command will copy the built **.app** bundle to **./build/MyApp.app**.
```

I think we should explain what "this" signifies when we reference it to a command in block above. Also, let's bold text format for file names as per our writing style guide.
